
# Data Content

## BRCA - Breast invasive carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
brca_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
brca_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
brca_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brca_followup_tcga_v2p1 | clinical | tcga | color
brca_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brca_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brca_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brca_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
brca_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
brca_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
brca_psi_bradleylab_miso | molecular | bradleyLab | psi
brca_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
brca_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
brca_mut01_ucsc_mutationcuratedwustlgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
brca_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
brca_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## ESCA - Esophageal carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
esca_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
esca_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
esca_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
esca_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
esca_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
esca_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
esca_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
esca_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
esca_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
esca_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
esca_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
esca_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
esca_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
esca_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
esca_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## GBM - Glioblastoma multiforme

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
gbm_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
gbm_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_newtumor-followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
gbm_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
gbm_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
gbm_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
gbm_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
gbm_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
gbm_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## HNSC - Head and Neck squamous cell carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
hnsc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
hnsc_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_patient_tcga_na | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p8 | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
hnsc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
hnsc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
hnsc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
hnsc_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
hnsc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
hnsc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## KICH - Kidney Chromophobe

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
kich_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
kich_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
kich_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kich_followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
kich_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
kich_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kich_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
kich_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kich_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kich_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
kich_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
kich_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
kich_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
kich_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## KIRC - Kidney renal clear cell carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
kirc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
kirc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
kirc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
kirc_mut01_ucsc_pancanaws | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## KIRP - Kidney renal papillary cell carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
kirp_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
kirp_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
kirp_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
kirp_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
kirp_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
kirp_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
kirp_mut01_ucsc_broadcurated | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## LGG - Brain Lower Grade Glioma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
lgg_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
lgg_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lgg_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
lgg_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
lgg_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
lgg_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
lgg_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
lgg_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## LIHC - undefined

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
lihc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
lihc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lihc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
lihc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
lihc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
lihc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
lihc_mut01_ucsc_bcm | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## LUAD - Lung adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
luad_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
luad_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
luad_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
luad_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
luad_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
luad_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
luad_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
luad_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
luad_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
luad_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
luad_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
luad_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
luad_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
luad_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
luad_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## LUSC - Lung squamous cell carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
lusc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
lusc_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
lusc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
lusc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
lusc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
lusc_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
lusc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
lusc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## SARC - Sarcoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
sarc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
sarc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
sarc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
sarc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
sarc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
sarc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
sarc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
sarc_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01
sarc_methylation_ucsc_hm450 | molecular | ucsc | methylation

## PAAD - Pancreatic adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
paad_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
paad_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
paad_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
paad_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
paad_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
paad_followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
paad_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
paad_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
paad_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
paad_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
paad_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
paad_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
paad_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
paad_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
paad_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## PRAD - Prostate adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
prad_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
prad_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
prad_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
prad_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
prad_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
prad_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
prad_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
prad_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
prad_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
prad_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
prad_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
prad_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
prad_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
prad_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## SKCM - Skin Cutaneous Melanoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
skcm_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
skcm_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_followup_tcga_v2p0 | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
skcm_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
skcm_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
skcm_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
skcm_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
skcm_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## STAD - Stomach adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
stad_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
stad_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
stad_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
stad_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
stad_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
stad_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
stad_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
stad_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
stad_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
stad_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
stad_mut01_ucsc_mutationbcmgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
stad_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
stad_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
stad_mut01_ucsc_broadcurated | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## THCA - Thyroid carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
thca_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
thca_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
thca_followup_tcga_v2p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thca_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thca_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thca_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thca_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thca_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thca_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thca_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
thca_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
thca_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
thca_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
thca_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## UCEC - Uterine Corpus Endometrial Carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
ucec_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
ucec_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_followup_tcga_v1p7 | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucec_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
ucec_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
ucec_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
ucec_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
ucec_mut01_ucsc_pancanaws | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## ACC - Adrenocortical carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
acc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
acc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
acc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
acc_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
acc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
acc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
acc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
acc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
acc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
acc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
acc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
acc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
acc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
acc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
acc_mut01_ucsc_broadcurated | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## BLCA - Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
blca_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
blca_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
blca_followup_tcga_v2p0 | clinical | tcga | color
blca_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
blca_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
blca_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
blca_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
blca_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
blca_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
blca_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
blca_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
blca_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
blca_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
blca_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
blca_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein

## CESC - Cervical squamous cell carcinoma and endocervical adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
cesc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
cesc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_followup_tcga_v2p0 | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
cesc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
cesc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
cesc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
cesc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
cesc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
cesc_mut01_ucsc_ucsc | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## CHOL - Cholangiocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
chol_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
chol_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
chol_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
chol_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
chol_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
chol_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
chol_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
chol_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
chol_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
chol_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
chol_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
chol_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
chol_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
chol_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
chol_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## DLBC - Lymphoid Neoplasm Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
dlbc_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
dlbc_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p4 | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
dlbc_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
dlbc_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
dlbc_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
dlbc_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
dlbc_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
dlbc_mut01_ucsc_bcm | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## COADREAD - Colon adenocarcinoma & Rectum adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
coadread_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
coadread_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
coadread_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
coadread_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
coadread_mut01_ucsc_mutation | molecular | ucsc | mut01
coadread_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## LUNG - Lung adenocarcinoma & Lung squamous cell carcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
lung_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
lung_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
lung_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
lung_facs_demo_flow | molecular | demo | facs
lung_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
lung_mut01_ucsc_mutation | molecular | ucsc | mut01
lung_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## COAD - Colon adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
coad_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
coad_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
coad_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
coad_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
coad_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
coad_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
coad_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
coad_newtumor-followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
coad_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
coad_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
coad_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## HG19 - Genome Platform

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
hg19_genesets_hgnc_import | category | hgnc | genesets
hg19_genesets_orghs_1e05 | category | orgHs | genesets

## LAML - Acute Myeloid Leukemia

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
laml_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
laml_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
laml_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
laml_cnv_ucsc_gistic2thd | molecular | ucsc | cnv
laml_mut01_ucsc_mutation | molecular | ucsc | mut01
laml_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## READ - Rectum adenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
read_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
read_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
read_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
read_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
read_newtumor-followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
read_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
read_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
read_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
read_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
read_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
read_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna

## UCS - Uterine Carcinosarcoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
ucs_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
ucs_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ucs_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
ucs_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
ucs_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## UVM - Uveal Melanoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
uvm_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
uvm_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
uvm_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
uvm_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
uvm_mut01_ucsc_broadcurated | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## THYM - Thymoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
thym_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
thym_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
thym_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thym_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thym_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thym_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thym_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
thym_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thym_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
thym_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
thym_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
thym_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## TGCT - Testicular Germ Cell Tumors

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
tgct_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
tgct_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
tgct_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
tgct_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
tgct_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## PCPG - Pheochromocytoma and Paraganglioma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
pcpg_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
pcpg_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
pcpg_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
pcpg_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
pcpg_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## OV - Ovarian serous cystadenocarcinoma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
ov_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
ov_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
ov_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ov_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ov_newtumor-followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ov_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ov_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
ov_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ov_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
ov_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
ov_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
ov_mut01_ucsc_pancanaws | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## MESO - Mesothelioma

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
meso_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
meso_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
meso_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
meso_followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
meso_newtumor-followup_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
meso_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
meso_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
meso_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
meso_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
meso_rna_ucsc_hiseq | molecular | ucsc | rna
meso_protein_ucsc_rppa | molecular | ucsc | protein
meso_mut01_ucsc_broad | molecular | ucsc | mut01

## BRAIN - Lower Grade Glioma & Glioblastoma multiforme

Collection Name | Collection Type | Data Source | Data Type
--------- | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
brain_color_tcga_import | category | tcga | color
brain_samplemap_tcga_molecular | clinical | tcga | color
brain_events_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_patient_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_followup-v1p0_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_drug_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_othermalignancy-v4p0_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_radiation_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_followup_tcga_v1p0 | clinical | tcga | color
brain_newtumor_tcga_clinical | clinical | tcga | color
brain_othermalignancy_tcga_v4p0 | clinical | tcga | color
brain_mut_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut
brain_mut01_broad_mutsig2 | molecular | broad | mut01
brain_cnv_ucsc-pnas_gistic | molecular | ucsc-PNAS | cnv
brain_mut01_ucsc-pnas_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc-PNAS | mut01
brain_cnv_ucsc_gistic | molecular | ucsc | cnv
brain_mut01_ucsc_mutationbroadgene | molecular | ucsc | mut01
